README.md, before:

## DESCRIPTION
A key mapper program.

Features:
* Map a key plus any number of modifiers to a command
* Map a modifier release to a command
* Configure which keys to use as modifiers
* Works in Xorg, Wayland, and the TTY (using [libevdev](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/libevdev/doc/latest/index.html))
* Usable on its own or as a plugin for [Interception Tools](https://gitlab.com/interception/linux/tools).

## INSTALLATION
### From source
Run:
```
git clone https://github.com/aaronamk/hkd.git
cd hkd
sudo make install
```
## CONFIGURATION
The file `config.h` is where you set your key bindings. This is similar to [suckless](https://suckless.org/philosophy) software. `config.h` is part of the source, so you must recompile and restart the program for any changes to take effect. Some default bindings are provided; you can add or remove them as needed.

See [linux/input-event-codes.h](https://github.com/torvalds/linux/blob/master/include/uapi/linux/input-event-codes.h) for a list of available key codes or use the [evtest](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/libevdev/evtest) command to see device events printed to the terminal.

## USAGE
### Standalone
Run:
```
hkd &
sudo hk-relay -d /dev/input/by-id/<device1>,/dev/input/by-id/<device2>,...
```

### As an Interception Tools plugin
1. Install Interception Tools
2. Create the following configuration file (I recommend placing it in the directory `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/udevmon`):

`config.yaml`
```yaml
- JOB: "intercept -g $DEVNODE | hk-relayer-plugin | uinput -d $DEVNODE"
  DEVICE:
    EVENTS:
      EV_KEY: [KEY_A] # matches all devices with an "A" key
```


3. Run:
```
hkd &
sudo udevmon -c <path-to-file>/config.yaml
```

## RELATED/SIMILAR SOFTWARE
* [sxhkd](https://github.com/baskerville/sxhkd)
* [Interception Tools](https://gitlab.com/interception/linux/tools)
---

*NOTICE*: Please check the issues board if you find a bug or would like a feature added. Open a new issue if it is not listed.

Commit message:

Update readme with new build/usage instructions.

README.md, after:

## DESCRIPTION
A key mapper program.

Features:
* Map a key plus any number of modifiers to a command
* Map a modifier release to a command
* Configure which keys to use as modifiers
* Works in Xorg, Wayland, and the TTY (using [libevdev](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/libevdev/doc/latest/index.html))

## INSTALLATION
### From source
1. Run:
```
git clone https://github.com/aaronamk/hkd.git
cd hkd
sudo make install
```
2. Add yourself to the `input` group: `sudo usermod -a -G input <username>`. This allows hkd to access/modify input devices in the filesystem without root access.
3. Reboot for the change to take affect

## CONFIGURATION
The file `config.h` is where you set your key bindings. This is similar to [suckless](https://suckless.org/philosophy) software. `config.h` is part of the source, so you must recompile and restart the program for any changes to take effect. Some default bindings are provided; you can add or remove them as needed.

See [linux/input-event-codes.h](https://github.com/torvalds/linux/blob/master/include/uapi/linux/input-event-codes.h) for a list of available key codes or use the [evtest](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/libevdev/evtest) command to see device events printed to the terminal.

## USAGE
```
hkd -d /dev/input/by-id/<device1>,/dev/input/by-id/<device2>,...
```

## RELATED/SIMILAR SOFTWARE
* [sxhkd](https://github.com/baskerville/sxhkd)
* [Interception Tools](https://gitlab.com/interception/linux/tools)
---

*NOTICE*: Please check the issues board if you find a bug or would like a feature added. Open a new issue if it is not listed.
